README.md, before:

# **Palindrome Checker with Conditionals and Loops**

## **Description**
This program uses a while loop and 'if..else' statement that prompts the user to enter a word. It then reverses the word, checks if the word reversed is the same as the original word and outputs the result to the console and as an alert.
<br>
<br>

## **Credits & References** 
I created this project myself as part of my [Hyperiondev](https://www.hyperiondev.com/) course: Immersive Full Stack Web and Software Engineer (Level 1, Task 7), using the following websites for reference.

* [www.freecodecamp.org](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-reverse-a-string-in-javascript-in-3-different-ways-75e4763c68cb/)

* [www.w3schools.com](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_loop_while.asp)

* [www.programiz.com](https://www.programiz.com/javascript/while-loop)

* [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/concat)

* [www.codegrepper.com](https://www.codegrepper.com/code-examples/javascript/iterate+through+a+string+backwards+js)

Commit message:

Added course name, installation and usage.

README.md, after:

# **Palindrome Checker with Conditionals and Loops**
### **IFSL1T07 - Beginner Control Structures — Loops**

## **Description**
This program uses a while loop and 'if..else' statement that prompts the user to enter a word. It then reverses the word, checks if the word reversed is the same as the original word and outputs the result to the console and as an alert.

<hr>

## **Installation and Setup**
1. Clone the repo and open with your preferred IDE (e.g. [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/setup/setup-overview)).
2. In the IDE, open the palindrome.html file and click the 'run' button, or click 'Go Live' if using VSCode. This should open your browser automatically to your localhost port with '/palindrome.html' as the URL endpoint.

<hr>

## **How to Use**
1. Once the html file is loaded in your browser, a popup window will appear asking you to enter a word.
2. Once entered, another popup will return whether or not the inputted word is a palindrome.

<hr>

## **Credits & References** 
I created this project myself as part of my [Hyperiondev](https://www.hyperiondev.com/) course: Immersive Full Stack Web and Software Engineer (Level 1, Task 7), using the following websites for reference.

* [www.freecodecamp.org](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-reverse-a-string-in-javascript-in-3-different-ways-75e4763c68cb/)

* [www.w3schools.com](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_loop_while.asp)

* [www.programiz.com](https://www.programiz.com/javascript/while-loop)

* [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/concat)

* [www.codegrepper.com](https://www.codegrepper.com/code-examples/javascript/iterate+through+a+string+backwards+js)
